hi I'm Captain Jack Bishop and this is
my son Chris Bishop and we're going to
show you the proper technique to break
some crab legs Captain Jack's is known
for the best legs on the beach and what
we're really specializing in and have
really since 1990 is an Alaskan crab
which has become a lot more famous
lately by The Deadliest Catch the show
on television that the reality show so
this is really the Deadliest Catch that
was caught this year in the 2-week
period beginning about the middle of
February and even the boats that caught
it sometime is on the box but this was
caught in February processed in Alaska
or northern Canada shipped to Seattle
and then shipped to arse down here in
Florida for our summer use everybody's
crab legs were caught in that two-week
period when they shot that television
show because that's the only time of the
year that the Alaskan Opilio crab is
caught and processed now the crab leg is
put in a boiling water this is a large
steam kettle 60 quart kettle and we
bring the crowd back to a boil just to
reheat it because remember was already
cooked when it was processed so it keeps
the meat from shrinking and it keeps
everything nice and moist and the
brilliant orange shell on the crab is
still available so the customer can see
is the real follow the Alaskan crab leg
the Alaskan Opilio crab is snow crab is
really famous because of its colors you
see the nice brilliant orange and then
the sides of the leg with the claw it's
the pincher and this beat in the claw is
very special but that's the unique part
above this trav leg is the color in a
brilliant orange now this claw right
here this is the you know people think
that this call meat is very hard to get
out because the shell is hard so we give
you a crab cracker to open up the shell
crack it
pull that meat out and it's really the
most moist tasteful meat on the crab leg
and once
in the clock and this leg is very hard
to but you can see by that just
brilliant beautiful color orange okay
this is just where we bring them out
from the kitchen and they're nice and
we've already brought them to a boil and
so they're nice and hot and then we just
continue to refill out here with every
as we go so that our customers will
always get as fast as they take them we
refill them and a nice and warm and that
nice juice is coming out of there but
that's part of what makes them so
special to the sides of this leg and the
hardness of the shell what we really try
to encourage is the proper procedure for
eating and enjoying the Alaskan snow
crab leg and the almost common thing
that our guests will do the very first
thing they're gonna do is go through the
biggest leg that they can find and the
biggest legs are right there in the
middle so what we suggest you do right
off the bat is break that leg off and
what they're gonna do right away is eat
some of that very great snow crab meat
right off the edge of the light now
that's the hardest leg and that's the
moment to claw on it so they won't do
that right away because they can't break
it that's what's going so the next thing
they're gonna do naturally let's go to
the largest leg on the on the cluster
now here's where we suggest the proper
way to crab and get your crab meat out
of your crab leg and the first thing to
do is you break off this fin and pull
out the tendon by breaking that off you
loosen the meat up inside then you break
off the leg on the other end of the leg
and break that off now this is the trick
about the Alaskan crab leg the shell is
brittle and allows you very carefully to
get the meat up and so then all you do
by let's pull out the best part of the
crab leg the reason you did all this
hard work was getting this beautiful
Alaskan crab meat and this is snow crab
then you dip it in your butter and away
you go we're gonna do this two ways this
claw we're gonna first thing you do is
you take
the claw and and break the leg off but
here's the claw you have to break this
claw again and it's very easy with the
crab cracker and and there's
see how the meat comes out and there's
the claw meat most tender best-tasting
meat in on the snow crab but most people
don't even want to work at it because
the leg is too hard to crack so we put
that over here and we'll do one more
just for the doing it'll go over again
so you break the claw off you break the
leg off the off and look at that nice
meat in there some people won't even eat
that take this crab the she'll take your
crab cracker net everybody gets that
Captain Jack's just like that crack it
in half pull that off of there and
there's there's the claw meat and again
it almost all came off and there it is
right in your hand dip it in butter you
have the best crab meat in the state of
Florida